<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="discovering-resources" domains="(topic concept)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                             (topic pr-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
 <title>Discovering resources</title>
 <shortdesc>Discover node resources running on your infrastructure source account. Add your node
  credentials and discover node attributes, the system services, the users and groups belonging to
  each node, along with packages, tags, and containers.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <author type="creator" translate="no">Eamonn Smith &lt;eamonn.smith@puppet.com&gt;</author>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p/>
  <section><title>What resources can I discover?</title><p>Depending on the level of credentials you
    enter, this table lists the depth of resources that you can discover. </p><p><table>
     <tgroup cols="2">
      <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1"/>
      <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2"/>
      <thead>
       <row>
        <entry colname="c1">Sources and credentials</entry>
        <entry colname="c2">Discovered resources</entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry colname="c1"><ul>
          <li><p>Infrastructure source.</p></li>
         </ul></entry>
        <entry colname="c2"><ul>
          <li><p>Nodes, including node attributes.</p></li>
         </ul></entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="c1"><ul>
          <li><p>Infrastructure source.</p></li>
          <li><p>SSH or WinRM credentials.</p></li>
         </ul></entry>
        <entry colname="c2"><ul>
          <li><p>Nodes, including node attributes.</p></li>
          <li><p>Services</p></li>
          <li><p>Users</p></li>
          <li><p>Groups</p></li>
          <li><p>Tags</p></li>
          <li><p>Packages, including package attributes.</p></li>
          <li><p>Container images, including container attributes.</p></li>
         </ul></entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table></p></section>
  <section><title>Nodes</title><p>A number of nodes summary pages give you information about node instances across your entire
        infrastructure, and each page queries the data platform for specific attributes belonging to
        each node. For more information on nodes, see <xref href="node_attributes.dita">Node
          attributes</xref>.<note type="tip">Click a card to drill down and view the detailed list.
        </note></p><p><table>
     <tgroup cols="2">
      <thead>
       <row>
        <entry>Node summary page</entry>
        <entry>Description</entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry>Nodes</entry>
        <entry>Click the <wintitle>Nodes</wintitle> dashboard card to see a list of on-premises and
                  cloud nodes running on your infrastructure.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Packages</entry>
        <entry>The total number of packages installed on discovered hosts. </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Inaccessible nodes</entry>
        <entry>The total number of discovered nodes running on your infrastructure that could not be
                  accessed due to entering invalid credentials or due to configuration issues.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>AWS nodes</entry>
        <entry>Click the <wintitle>AWS nodes</wintitle> dashboard card to see a list of EC2
                  instances running on your AWS account.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>VMware nodes</entry>
        <entry>The total number of nodes running on your VMware vSphere account.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>OpenStack nodes</entry>
        <entry>The total number of nodes running on your OpenStack account.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Microsoft Azure nodes</entry>
        <entry>The total number of nodes running on your Microsoft Azure account.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Google Cloud Platform nodes</entry>
        <entry>The total number of nodes running on your GCP account.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Nodes with Puppet</entry>
        <entry>The percentage and total number of discovered nodes with or without Puppet installed,
                  as well as unknown hosts.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Uptime less than 24 hours</entry>
        <entry>The percentage and total number of nodes with an uptime with less than, or greater
                  than, 24 hours.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Top operating systems</entry>
        <entry>The top six operating systems installed on discovered hosts.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Linux distributions</entry>
        <entry>The percentage and total number of Linux nodes categorized by the distribution
                  installed.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Windows versions</entry>
        <entry>The percentage and total number of Windows nodes categorized by the version of
                  Windows installed.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Top cloud instances by region</entry>
        <entry>The top six cloud instances categorized by region.  </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Top containers by image</entry>
        <entry>The top six container images used by running containers. </entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table></p></section>
  <section><title>Packages</title><p>Click the Packages dashboard card to see a list of packages in
    use across your infrastructure by name, version, and manager, as well as the number of instances
    of each package. For more information about packages, see <xref href="package_attributes.dita">Package attributes</xref>.</p></section>
  <section><title>Containers</title><p>Click the Containers, or the Top containers by image,
    dashboard card to see a list of container instances running on your infrastructure. For more
    information about containers, see <xref href="container_attributes.dita">Container
     attributes</xref>. </p></section>
 </conbody>
</concept>