<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" id="viewing-vulnerabilities"
    xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
    <title>Viewing vulnerabilities</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <prolog>
        <author translate="no" type="creator">Eamonn Smith &lt;eamonn.smith@puppet.com&gt;</author>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p/>
        <section><title>Vulnerabilities dashboard</title><p>The dashboard provides a high-level
                summary view of the vulnerabilities detected on your infrastructure, and consists of
                a number of dashboard cards to drill down from for detailed information.</p><p>By
                default, the dashboard automatically refreshes every 15 minutes. To change to a
                manual refresh, click&#160;<uicontrol>Manage
                    sources</uicontrol>&#160;&gt;&#160;<uicontrol>Automatically refresh
                    dashboard</uicontrol>. The manual&#160;refresh dashboard&#160;option appears at
                the top of the dashboard.</p></section>
        <section><title>Highest risk vulnerabilities</title><p>Ranked by risk score, these are the
                highest risk vulnerabilities affecting your infrastructure. </p><p><note
                    type="important">The risk score is a normalized score from the one calculated by
                    your vulnerability scanner. </note></p></section>
        <section><title>Most vulnerable nodes</title><p>Ranked by the total number of
                vulnerabilities, these are the names of the most affected hosts within your
                infrastructure. </p></section>
        <section><title>Most common vulnerabilities </title><p>Ranked by the total number of
                affected nodes, these are the most common vulnerabilities detected within your
                infrastructure. </p></section>
        <section><title>Top vulnerabilities</title><p>Ranked by risk score, these are the top
                vulnerabilities detected within your infrastructure. </p><p><note type="important"
                    >The risk score is calculated using the risk score from your vulnerability
                    scanner, and the number of nodes the vulnerability is detected
            on.</note></p></section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
